To appreciate Marigold, you have to understand that service is not really what this restaurant is about. The wait staff gets the job done, but the real star is the food. The coffee and water are both self-service, and you place your order at the...More; To appreciate Marigold, you have to understand that service is not really what this restaurant is about. The wait staff gets the job done, but the real star is the food. The coffee and water are both self-service, and you place your order at the...; I had the chili poached eggs and they were amazing! My husband had the quiche of the day and it was a very generous serving size and also very good. The prices were also VERY good! The next time we're in Madison we'll be back...More; I had the chili poached eggs and they were amazing! My husband had the quiche of the day and it was a very generous serving size and also very good. The prices were also VERY good! The next time we're in Madison we'll be back...; Being good cooks, at home in Madison my husband and I don't go out to eat much—except for breakfast at the Marigold Kitchen. I simply cannot recommend this place more highly. I'm addicted to their Chili Poached Eggs, while my husband can't resist their take...More; Being good cooks, at home in Madison my husband and I don't go out to eat much—except for breakfast at the Marigold Kitchen. I simply cannot recommend this place more highly. I'm addicted to their Chili Poached Eggs, while my husband can't resist their take...; Living in Madison, I've eaten at Marigold Kitchen on five or so different occasions. I'll start with the positives, the food. I've had a variety of different breakfast and brunch dishes: pancakes, scrabblers, quiche, and eggs benedict. The pancakes and eggs benedict were nothing better...More; Living in Madison, I've eaten at Marigold Kitchen on five or so different occasions. I'll start with the positives, the food. I've had a variety of different breakfast and brunch dishes: pancakes, scrabblers, quiche, and eggs benedict. The pancakes and eggs benedict were nothing better...; We won't go back. There was a small line when we arrived, but it moved along alright. It was the wait for food that killed our experience. We had a party of 5, including our 4 year old. A table opened up immediately after we...More; We won't go back. There was a small line when we arrived, but it moved along alright. It was the wait for food that killed our experience. We had a party of 5, including our 4 year old. A table opened up immediately after we...; It's a travesty that Marigold isn't listed as #1. It's a nice casual place just off the Capital Square. The thing I love most is that I always can find about 4 or 5 things that sound great; every single time my order has been...More; It's a travesty that Marigold isn't listed as #1. It's a nice casual place just off the Capital Square. The thing I love most is that I always can find about 4 or 5 things that sound great; every single time my order has been...; we've gone since opening week, and continue to be regulars (Saturdays with the family, work week lunches either by myself or with friends). Although usually quite crowded, their new crowd control measures (order first, then wait for a seat) has worked well. We were able...More; we've gone since opening week, and continue to be regulars (Saturdays with the family, work week lunches either by myself or with friends). Although usually quite crowded, their new crowd control measures (order first, then wait for a seat) has worked well. We were able...; My friend rented out this place which is normally only open during the day for her rehearsal dinner. The atmosphere was fabulous and trendy, the food was delish! We had appetizers of caponata and hummus with pita and veggies. Then we had a buffet with...More; My friend rented out this place which is normally only open during the day for her rehearsal dinner. The atmosphere was fabulous and trendy, the food was delish! We had appetizers of caponata and hummus with pita and veggies. Then we had a buffet with...; Really loved this place. Their food was so fresh and I had this delicious chile-braised chicken sandwich (it was like pulled chicken..very tender) with roasted tomatillos, chihuahua cheese, chipotle lime dressing, shredded romaine, red onion and cilantro on a rustic roll and my friend had...More; Really loved this place. Their food was so fresh and I had this delicious
chile-braised chicken sandwich (it was like pulled chicken..very tender) with roasted tomatillos, chihuahua cheese, chipotle lime dressing, shredded romaine, red onion and cilantro on a rustic roll and my friend had...; marigolds does a great job bringing amazing food to madisonians; marigolds does a great job bringing amazing food to madisonians